plugins/module_utils/network/cnos/cnos.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/network/cnos/cnos.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/network/cnos/cnos_devicerules.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/network/cnos/cnos_devicerules.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/network/cnos/cnos_errorcodes.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/network/cnos/cnos_errorcodes.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/modules/cnos_backup.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_backup.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_backup.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_backup.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/cnos_backup.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_backup.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_banner.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_banner.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_banner.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_banner.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_banner.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_bgp.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_bgp.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_bgp.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_bgp.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_command.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_command.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_command.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_command.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_command.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_command.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_template.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_template.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_template.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_conditional_template.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_config.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_config.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_config.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_factory.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_factory.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_factory.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_facts.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/cnos_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_facts.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_image.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_image.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_image.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_image.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_interface.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_l2_interface.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_l3_interface.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_linkagg.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_lldp.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_logging.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_logging.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_logging.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_logging.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_logging.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_reload.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_reload.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_reload.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_rollback.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_rollback.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_rollback.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_rollback.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/cnos_rollback.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_rollback.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_save.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_save.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_save.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_showrun.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_showrun.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/cnos_showrun.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_static_route.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_static_route.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_static_route.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_static_route.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_static_route.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_static_route.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_system.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_system.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_template.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_template.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_template.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_template.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_user.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_user.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_user.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_user.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_user.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_vlag.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_vlag.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_vlag.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_vlag.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_vlan.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cnos_vrf.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cnos_vrf.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cnos_vrf.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cnos_vrf.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cnos_vrf.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cnos_vrf.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/action/cnos.py action-plugin-docs # base class for deprecated network platform modules using `connection: local`
plugins/doc_fragments/cnos.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/doc_fragments/cnos.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/path.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/path.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/yaml_helper.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/mock/yaml_helper.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/conftest.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/conftest.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/utils.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/modules/utils.py metaclass-boilerplate